they use the name nation rising and they
say what they're doing is not a protest
it's it's a revolution all right we'll
see if they live looks suspiciously like
a protest this is this is really
paradoxical so why would you say it's
not a protest it's a revolution why
wouldn't you say look guys this isn't a
revolutionary movement this is a totally
reasonable request to amend the tax code
to amend how taxation works in Canada
and here's how we're going to accomplish
it here's the plan we're gonna do it the
same way PCRM does the same way any
other lobbying for for government
changes it makes no sense instead what
they want to do is front on some kind of
left-wing radical aesthetic maybe
they're just trying to be obtuse about
it and like that they're not a vegan
movement appeal appeal to people who
aren't vegan dole oh I see what you mean
I see what you mean right right so sorry
so yeah so they they want to appeal to
people who are outside of the vegan fold
or something okay yeah maybe that's
maybe but aren't really vegan I don't
know though those people it's a very
small number of people that those people
would you describe them as a nation
would you describe I don't already want
to describe vegans as a nation Lee
that's what I thought the point was like
there's like a nation of vegans that's
ready to rise up but if you're talking
about this larger category of soft core
slightly uncomfortable with government
subsidies for the meat industry not
really vegan maybe not even reduce it
Aryan are they a nation do they comprise
a nation that's gonna rise up and change
the history of Canada I know I don't see
it you say it's not just a protest you
say it's a revolution okay so you can
occupy a building are you gonna burn it
down what you say it's not a protest so
what am I being invited to a revolution
are you gonna shoot people to the head
that's what revolutionaries do are you
gonna burn down buildings are you gonna
barricade a street these are legit
questions and the fact that you are DXE
that as soon as I write to you they'll
reply I get is from DXE DXE endorses
various forms of quote violence against
property unquote which leads to violence
against human beings as one of leads to
murky claims and that their website
doesn't really have that much okay
you're right it doesn't have that much
information it just we pretty much just
read at all yeah yeah I think maybe they
are under the impression that it could
make their movement look edgy and people
to it but to me I think that kind of
signals that it's maybe unorganized or
shoddy like they don't really know what
what people are being invited to do you
know I wrote to them seeking more
information that's very clear in my
first message I wrote to them seeking
more information and they gave me none
that's a red flag and the only other
indication I have is that the name of
the person who replied to me is the
direct action everywhere stooge so I
don't have any crazy conspiracy theory
about this but I would tend to assume
that this is a coalition and a front
organization put together so the direct
action everywhere can recruit more
people and so that direct action
everywhere could have a kind of
roundtable that these other groups would
sit at
despite the odious reputation that the
right action everywhere has earned in
the last couple of years
baddest yen
[Music]
uh-uh no yen you know what's winter in
the tropics because my best girl
actually has a jacket on and it is
possible for us to record this video or
read a book or do anything without an
electric fan directly blowing on us at
all times you get get a little bit of
separation from the the electric fans in
your life I think we're living in a
really interesting transitional time in
politics so we did talk about this a
little bit while walking around town
before making the video but like back in
the 1960s or the 1930s if you were
getting involved in politics you would
really depend on pamphlets and rumor
word-of-mouth to find out who were your
political leaders especially at the
local level what did they really
represent what was their real agenda and
look this word agenda has a variety of
meanings you know all of us have more
than one agenda
I said openly in writing this letter to
these these guys these vegans at nation
rising look I got more than one agenda
I'm interested in First Nations and the
Cree in the edge away and the Mohawks
I've got more than one political
interest I've got more than one iron in
the fire doesn't mean evil you know what
is the difference we having an agenda at
having an objective I'm you know I have
more than one political objective and I
know people judge me by all of them and
that's fair you know like I could
imagine there'd be some vegan who
wouldn't want to be associated with me
politically because they disagree with
me on the First Nations issue or for any
of the other issues that have been
addressed in my 770 videos on this
channel because I think I'm too
left-wing cuz I'm too left-wing no
that's that's not likely to happen much
more likely other vegans will be more
left-wing than me and think I'm - I'm
too moderate they wouldn't use that term
but they'll come to some conclusion like
that but look the point is implicitly
here today in 2017 people can judge
people can judge themselves people here
stupid ugly rumors about me all the time
or defamation and insults made up by
other vegans and you know you can have a
look for yourself you can you can hear
in my own words
tone of voice you could hear with my
political philosophy is you can hear my
position on any specific issue and you
can decide for yourself whether or not
I'm somebody you can work with somebody
you'd cooperate with in the vegan
movement what's I you know this is a
unique period of our history that way
we've never had that luxury before think
of yourself in terms of local politics
especially 1930s or 1960s somebody tells
you well look some of the guys in the
Black Panthers are okay but this
particular guy has a background as a
drug dealer or as a criminal or as a
pimp and some did a lot of history books
today are celebrating that rather than
momentum yet but at the time you know
that some of the guys who were black
radicals had a criminal background
you know before after or during their
black radicalism when you're in that
position what do you do at that time you
can't Google them you can't go to cocoa
and put the person's name and find out
more you can't approach them face to
face and ask you can't walk out and say
look look man you know I got your
pamphlet you know I like what your
political movement is ostensibly about
however this is what people are saying
about you I don't really know where you
stand on issues in terms of people
having more than one agenda or more than
one hidden agenda you can imagine being
involved a group like the Black Panthers
then you hear that some of the people
within the organization are communists
some of them were and you think you
don't want to be a part of that you
don't want your name to be on the same
bill with those people by the way just
mentioned um I knew a guy I knew a white
man who was not only the first white
member of the Black Panthers but he was
a tall they're their founding meaning so
he was one of the first 50 members he
was one of the original roundtable of
people who found the Black Panthers he
had some really interesting insights on
the history of that movement and how it
started and who the different for people
who the different people were
influencing the movement as it as a
progressed from its early stages so just
mentioning he was he was often the only
white man in the room with those
meetings as you can imagine yeah the
disadvantage of this age is that rumors
can spread a lot more easily on the
Internet
thanks specifically for you you know I
my family was really concerned when we
were first getting together because
there were these brokers online about
you and it really is up to the person to
listen to your videos and actually
putting the time to see your side of the
story
is someone else the side of the story
and determine is this person more
reliable like who should I you know
who's the better historian like you know
anyway so that is a disadvantage you
know you have to you have to you have to
be able to look at a source and see if
it's reliable or something that you can
right go from your point is the rumors
can spread maybe in a more dynamic way
to the rumors can spread more rapidly
yeah what the antidote is right there
right someone in the Black Panthers
could be assumed it could be accused of
being a communist in right you know that
rumor could just come right dissipate
because it's not everywhere on the
Internet I think somewhat permanent I
feel I feel more comfortable with it
with the system today though cuz at
least then you can also address those
things once right like I can make one
video saying no I'm not a communist and
no I'm not a former dope dealer and then
it's it's there anyone wants to see it
can look it up I think the opposite I
think it's hard to imagine how when the
pre-internet era you'd be hounded by the
same questions again and again yeah and
that some of them might be the same kind
of rumors you know are you a communist
are you a criminal what about the rumors
surrounding your divorce or did you
cheat on your wife or girlfriend I think
all those questions were still there but
that how do you deal with them at a
town-hall meeting and face-to-face
interactions that there are other people
in politics okay I just say I think
that's it's a much more intractable
problem in the pre-internet but yeah
you're right I mean the the rumors start
quicker and go further and so on in our
in our Internet age now this is the
we're thing nation rising it's a
terrible who was at the roundtable
meeting that came up with his name
there's a new vegan would be political
movement called nation rising I don't
even know why they're called nation
rising I mean if I went and I just put
like nation rising politics into Google
and you know guess what you get it
sounds like a white nationalist movement
it sounds like some kind of fascist
far-right movement it's a very poor
choice name and then on the other hand
that kind of sentiment nation rising
that kind of phraseology is associated
with with First Nations people actually
I got one link out of Google
or a Hawaiian revival the native people
of Hawaii trying to come back in the
brink of of genocide you know trying to
revive their language and cultural
heritage and so on so this idea of
nation rising why maybe they're just
trying to be obtuse about it and like
that they're not a vegan movement appeal
appeal to people who aren't vegan but oh
I see what you mean I see what you mean
right right right so sorry so yeah so
they they want to appeal to people who
are outside of the vegan Folles there's
nothing okay yeah maybe that's maybe
they care about reducing the subsidies
for the dairy industry but aren't really
vegan I don't know those people
it's a very small number of people that
those people wouldn't you describe them
as a nation would you describe I don't
already want to describe vegans as a
nation well that's what I thought the
point was like there's like a nation of
vegans that's ready to rise up but if
you're talking about this larger
category of soft core slightly
uncomfortable with government subsidies
for the meat industry not really vegan
maybe not even reduce it Aryan are they
a nation do they comprise a nation
that's gonna rise up and change the
history of Canada I don't I don't see it
I don't see it okay
and so I its weak but their their main
tagline the main the main thing they
they give you and their pamphlets so to
speak is the claim quote it's not a
protest period it's a revolution period
so this is this is very problematic for
me no I didn't just come on the internet
and complain about it I wrote to them
the great Canadian tradition I wrote to
them for more information and who do I
get a reply from I get a reply from a
member of direct action everywhere
TXE right so this is the problem nation
rising it's basically it
we know nothing beyond that we don't
know who they are we don't know anything
about them personally and in politics
everybody is somebody everybody has to
stand on that platform and be judged for
all their miscellaneous political
beliefs I said before there are some
people I like it's not integral to my
life as an aspiring vegan activist that
I have a position on First Nations
languages that I have a position on
Korean Ojibwe that's not care about you
can judge me it tells you something
about me Tosa know who I am but with
this kind of thing so you're looking at
a blank
facade a blank propaganda
they use the name nation rising and they
say what they're doing is not a protest
it's it's a revolution alright we'll see
if they live the background looks
suspiciously like a protest I'd be so
much more comfortable there doing if
they said the exact opposite if they
said don't worry we're not leading a
revolution it's just the protest oh okay
well maybe it's not maybe it's not that
bad if you're not gonna put anything
down right I mean yeah okay what does it
mean what does it mean in this day and
age to make promises of revolution and
to do it in a completely anonymous way
it seems to me like we're throwing away
all the advantages of the 21st century
an era when it's really possible to know
someone's political beliefs in a
meaningful way when it's possible
interact with them you can watch my
youtube channel you can join my patreon
you can ask me questions then I make
videos replying to those questions and
there's there's progress that's that's
the great thing about politics the 21st
century you're throwing all that away to
instead have an anonymous facade
promises of revolution and we're left to
wonder who are these people what do they
represent politically what are their
what are their beliefs now look at me
obviously you're under no obligation do
so but even though you know the woman
who replied to my email I don't know
she's the organizer I don't know she's
just a woman who buys my email I don't
think she has anything to be ashamed
about if she made this if she put her
name on it she said this is her protest
reflecting her values and who she is if
she's in the leadership role okay maybe
I can sign on to that maybe I can talk
to her maybe I can find out maybe I can
read her resume find out more about her
like you know I mean I think again this
is a lot of my criticism of both
political attitudes and religious
attitudes I think these people perceive
weakness as strength they think it's a
strength to have this stark
revolutionary facade who are we we're
anonymous we're nobody we're all wearing
a mask you don't know who we are you
don't know what we believe what we
represent when they were calling for
revolution and talking about so-called
national uprising well I don't know
maybe this is a facade and underneath
the facade you're a couple of dorks from
direct action everywhere who are aware
that direct action everywhere DXE has
become kind of so what's the word so
ominous
it's reputation has become has become
such a liability that you need to create
a new front in order to reach out to and
and have common cause with Toronto Pig
save and you know a couple of other
couple of other organizations that are
listed on the website animal justice and
not all of these are vegan a some of
these are non vegan animal rights groups
they don't think anonymous voices so I
just love what you said in your response
to or your first emails or that you know
revolutions have body counts and I think
maybe people don't think about
revolution and historical terms like as
much as you do because you know if
you've studied revolutions and you know
Russia and China and people don't really
think about him
right people don't think about it in
that way I think the the meaning of
revolution is its losses its meaning a
little bit well I mean I think it's
funny too because yeah they could
present this information in some other
way they could be making comparison to
the Industrial Revolution the Scientific
Revolution you know there are other ways
we use the word revolution but I'm not
being insincere when you look at this it
is I think trying to capture the
ambiance of well I'd say specifically
anarchists or a narco communists
you know left-wing you know
revolutionary ardor which vegans very
often lack now okay look let's let's
preface here what is it they're actually
calling for this is the weird thing this
is the paradoxical thing what they're
calling for isn't revolutionary what
they're calling for is an end to
government subsidies for the meatpacking
industry and they want the government to
shab support for farmers making the
transition you know so that farmers
don't suddenly become unemployed
overnight yeah which is great like you
know I think they're about us page has
some really good really good information
I think it's good well okay there's
about six sentences here information
okay yeah but that's that's their
platform they want to end government
subsidies they want to help farmers with
that transition and they even say we are
a love based movement we are not trying
to destroy farmers
so this is this is really paradoxical so
why would you say it's not a protest
it's a revolution why wouldn't you say
look guys this isn't a revolutionary
movement this is a totally reasonable
request to amend the tax code to amend
how taxation works in Canada and here's
how we're going to accomplish it here's
the plan
we're gonna do it the same way PCRM does
the same way any other lobbying for for
government changes it makes no sense
instead what they want to do is front on
some kind of left-wing radical aesthetic
yeah I remember when Bernie was running
for president Bernie Sanders and if you
actually went to his website he really
gave a good outline of every single road
thing that he was hoping to accomplish
as president and you know I think more
politicians and political groups such as
this such as this one should write
should use that as a model to actually
have okay
create create new subsidies to ensure
healthy organic we're int we're against
organic organic is not ving as mentioned
they probably don't know that organic
involves using you know cow blood as
fertilizer and so on and cow poo too but
anyway create new subsidies to ensure
healthy organic plant-based food is
affordable for everyone in particular
indigenous and low-income communities
okay what's revolutionary about this why
is this a revolution why is this a
nation rising why package it that way
why approach it that way now okay a
funny thing is I don't know there's any
point reading out the whole email
correspondence but okay I I think I
think I got to do this I wrote to her
say her cuz this person you respond I
wrote to nation rising I wrote hello I'm
a Canadian vegan activist with the
YouTube channel that has hundreds of
discussions of vegan politics etc again
we're above well above 700 videos at
this point so that's not a boast
although I would obviously although I
would obviously support addenda
subsidies for animal agriculture and
this is for example a significant source
of tension between myself or any given
vegan and the Green Party as the Green
Party actually calls for more subsidies
to support the Canadian meat and dairy
Canadian meat dairy farmers the current
situation with nation rising is one I do
not know enough about who or what
the organization is this is being
totally sincere guys I just want to
emphasize this again this is the
difference between politics in the 1930s
1960s and politics today in the 21st
century where you can read my resume you
can read my work history you can come on
YouTube you can know who I am
politically you can decide for yourself
whether or not you want to support what
I support whether you want to stand
where I stand
and I got to tell you I don't want to
support direct action everywhere direct
action everywhere in and out of court
all the time they're facing criminal
charges right now they're trying to
defend themselves against charges of
terrorism I don't want any part of that
I do not want my name attached to TXE
and I don't want to be a part of nation
rising if they're a front organization
for DXE I wrote I wrote to nation rising
up sorry yeah yeah this was called
t-shirts not nation uprising nation
rising right got it
it's like cake rising anyway look I sing
I wrote to them I get a reply from
someone in DXE to me that's a really bad
sign
oh well I don't want to be part of the
XE you know this is a this is a choice
I've made after doing real research I
want to know who you people are and what
you represent and yes what your agenda
is I've already said agenda is not a bad
word what your objectives are and I
think of the 21st century have a right
to know I don't have to make this
political decision any more on the basis
of just a pamphlet we should be able to
know more about this about who you are
what you represent and what methods
you're gonna use to pursue it you say
it's not just a protest you say it's a
revolution okay so you can occupy a
building are you gonna burn it down what
you say it's not a protest so what am I
being invited to a revolution are you
gonna shoot people to the head that's
what revolutionaries do are you gonna
burn down buildings are you gonna
barricade a street these are legit
questions and the fact that you are DXE
that as soon as I write to you the reply
I get is from DXE DXE endorses various
forms of quote violence against property
unquote which leads to violence against
human beings that's what leads to so
they're making murky claims and that
their website doesn't really have that
much okay you're right it doesn't have
that much information it just we pretty
much just read it all sir
yeah I think maybe the
are under the impression that it could
make their movement look edgy and
attract people to it but to me I think
that kind of signals that it's maybe
unorganized or shoddy like they don't
really know what what people are being
invited to do at this point is my
impression that I you from looking at
this website it's like you know if you
if you're going to put up a website and
invite people to do something you should
have like clear goals and say you say
what about your agenda you said you
should have a full platform like Bernie
Sanders we use that comparison we
actually suppose of what he's gonna do
and how it's gonna do it it would be
more professional and it would attract a
different character of people I think
well if you're asking people to sign up
and donate their time donate their money
and attend a protest that is not a
protest that I want to know what it is
what am i doing any money - Who am I
being associated with and so on you know
and again for me it's if it's DXE I
don't I don't want to play you know I
don't want to be part of the same group
as DXE so you know these are decisions
we often make bothers but again I think
what you're describing is again a
fundamental problem of perceiving
weakness as strength I think that idea
of okay we're gonna have a clean facade
nobody's name is on it
nobody's particular political beliefs
are on it you know we're gonna have this
clean revolutionary aesthetic you know I
think they perceive that as strengths
but it's really weak now again this
comes up in the email I think I make a
number of contrasts here in one contrast
is - the Green Party you know if you
support the Green Party you know exactly
who you're supporting and at different
times different people have been leaders
of the Green Party sometimes they were
really left-wing sometimes not so much
you know the character of the party and
what goals their position really has
changed you know from year to year and
decade to decade but you know who my
point is here you know what you're
supporting because first and foremost
you know who you're supporting that's
how you that's how you find that out um
you know I mentioned dr. Melanie joy so
if you join a political movement founded
by dr. Melanie joy you know who she is
you can look up a resume you can read
her book you can see her YouTube channel
you find out who she is that's the great
step forward from the pre-internet past
when all you had maybe was a pamphlet
and some rumors and accusations that you
couldn't you couldn't really counter
you could be right-wing extremists you
could be left-wing extremists you could
be a coalition that formed out of
ecological activists I know nothing from
the available materials about what your
organization is or who formed it right
and again I think those of you questions
I would be asking the 1960s if someone
just handed me a pamphlet and say hey
you know I mean a lot of those movements
said hey Coalition for peace but they
were actually a Coalition for communism
some of them said you know Coalition for
black rights well what kind of black
rights do you support you know again
that's a real question
you know there's thousands some are
violence some one nonviolent different
different methods different approaches
you got it you've got to dig past the
pamphlet and in this case you know
they've kind of defied the logic the
internet we only get that family okay
there's a difficult to understand
contrast between the nonviolent demand
to end subsidies and the rhetoric about
revolution I'm an old political science
major I've written quite a lot of
research about real revolutions they
have real body counts please understand
that I'm the sort of person who
researches vegan institutions or
movements precisely because I want to
understand what works and what doesn't
and this research does not indicate
hostility I actually read the annual
reports from groups as diverse as Petta
TXE at center right now DXE got
mentioned there but she doesn't actually
recognize it so I get this reply from
Jenny Heysel thanks for your message we
are a group of animal rights activists
who want to see an end to animal
agriculture subsidies there is no hidden
political agenda it's just as simple as
it sounds
well is it just as simple as revolution
it's just as simple as it's not a
protest it's a revolution it's just as
simple as it's not me that's violence
it's just as simple as no compromise the
animal exploiters like think about all
the slogans DXE has thrown out which
which really are similar to this and
then of course they proved themselves to
be hypocrites even that ridiculous
situation with DXE protesting a specific
civic butcher shop in California in
Berkeley California they did end up
compromising they did it that's exactly
what they swore they'd never do you know
they wouldn't stop til we shut down over
well you said okay you so you're
promising it's not a protest it's a
revolution are we gonna see you live up
to that promise we want it to end for
the good of the people to plan and the
animals we're trying to bring together
people in order to care about these
three issues to make it
so I wrote back saying okay thanks to
the reply there was no discussion of any
hidden agenda in my message I think
that's worth drawing attention to here
there is some paranoia in her reply and
it may be paranoia that's well found it
because I didn't ask about a hidden
agenda I I just said it's difficult to
know who your organization is or what
you represent
you could be right-wing extremist you
could be lovely extremist you could be
ecological activist I need to know more
you don't provide me with this and again
they sound like neo-nazis nation rising
it sounds like a white supremacist group
that's so you know I didn't say anything
we hit agenda however everybody is
somebody I'm a vegan activist but for
example I also have past involvement
with First Nations indigenous languages
so yes for example I have an agenda in
as much as I care about the Korean
language not going extinct for most
vegans this is neither good nor bad but
merely interesting it is something about
Who I am politically likewise every
organization even petaa etc reflects the
political reality of its founders DXE is
an extreme example in some ways to
understand what DXE is and what it does
you really need to understand the
idiosyncratic political views and
experiences of Wayne and Prix of the two
people at the top of that organization
that's very true but that's true of most
political organizations small medium or
large I mean you know even when you get
into really large political
organizations you won't understand
what's going on in the US occupation
government of Iraq you know we just saw
this documentary about that it comes
down to a small number of personalities
you know you need to know about a couple
of people for what that organization is
what it's doing talking about one
department in a university but you know
small and medium sized political
organizations it's even more true it's
kind of easy to hide behind the fact
that they are supported by Toronto Pig
save and some of these other
organizations that you that are on their
website you know they're able to hide
behind that and say you know we're not I
don't know who the founders are what
they were what they're advertising is
that it's just a it's a group which he
says in the email it's just a nation
rising yeah she said we want to bring
together people and organizations who
care about these three issues to make it
happen right so yeah but to make what
happened not a protest okay
yeah revolution to end revolution in
musti's revolutionary tax reforms right
something else you said you said this we
talked about it before you said that
maybe this exists to reach out beyond
veganism to bring in people who are not
vegan who would support this and I said
yeah but then the revolutionary get up
the revolutionary stick is even worse
because it's the only public you'd be
able to reach you can alike that would
normally be conservatives and
libertarians who are guests are not
attracted to this this prose this this
rhetoric there's a kind of segment of
the public or just really big on not
wasting taxpayers dollars normally small
see conservative or Big Al libertarian
or something those people could get
behind this but not if you're promising
a revolution not if you package yourself
in this way yeah you're right not
because there are people who on the
point on point of principle free-market
principal or not wasting taxpayers
principle would support you but you
gotta put yourself in a lane where you
can support where you can be supported
by them where you're really making
common cause so I don't know I didn't
know if this was their trying to do or
not I think I think it looks like not
that much thought to it but again being
being self-critical here I mean I've
said you know okay if you want
understand a political organization like
DXE you have to understand the
idiosyncratic leaders and who they are
and believe me within the last five
years most of the changes at DXE they
have idiosyncratic as the word they've
come down to particular knee-jerk
reactions from Wayne Priya sorry not to
get in a big digression but for example
they used to preach they were a strictly
horizontal organization with no
leadership and then they got rid of that
entirely and now they say they're a
vertical organization with clear leaders
and hierarchy and elections and in those
scandals with election so things have
changed but they have changed because
Wayne has changed because one man has
changed and his girlfriend one woman you
know now if you and I start our own
foundation in Canada it's up to people
if they want to get involved in it
plethora of videos about your political
views on online they want to
get behind her remember also my
criticism of black lives matter
I said look they don't define who they
are on what they do in the Constitution
they need to take the time to write a
better definition I would take the time
to make a better website or better
Constitution than nation rising or about
black lives matter however my point is
this criticism still applies to me or
still applies to us you know people
would be able to look at organization
and say well I don't think they're gonna
tackle this issue okay let that
fundraiser for sorry sir I was invited
to join a fundraiser for an animal
sanctuary and I said well look you know
if you actually checked my channel this
is my position on the issue and the
people making the invitation said well
we're still happy to have you and I said
well without knowing more about the
situation I don't think I can do yes
reflecting things that you have a
different point of view I'm not saying
that's a black-and-white issue it's not
like I think all sanctuaries are evil
however you know my point is if you you
and I in the future being involved in
making politics people would be able to
look at who we are and know what we
stand for and what we represent and
which issues we will and won't take what
position on and what that right I've
repeatedly said I'm not gonna protest
against supports throwing carriages
right
so yeah in that same way you need to
know who are the leaders what is the
leadership and obviously in this case
they're claiming they don't have any
Constitution or any any any program of
action or any agenda beyond this simple
point about subsidies maybe maybe but I
don't know you know you're not inviting
me in so probably you got some
principles that exclude me probably and
maybe I got some principles that exclude
excute excluding you - if we can figure
out who we are another side so yeah this
this point you know I stated - you're
very simply you know everybody is
somebody and the great advantage of
doing politics in 21st century is that
it's knowable we can move beyond the
pamphlet to know who these people are
and what they represent and also what
methods they will and won't employ you
know so I mean I'm big on democratic
transparency I'm big on participating in
the democratic organs of the government
we've got and also internally being
democratic ourselves DXE is the exact
opposite on those two issues they both
don't use the democratic organs of the
United States of America and Canada so
they don't use democratic methods in
that sense scaling it up and internally
they are not democratic doctor has been
out there the opposite of democracy well
yeah our tyrannical or whatever want to
say I've a playlist of videos talking
about politics of of DXE and I and I
just want say against you I make those
videos with with sympathy for the devil
I do have sympathy with the other side I
can imagine what situation I'd be in if
I were playing for that team or if I
were if I were in Wayne's position and
so on okay so I continue with my with
with my letter here so my point here is
that someone who wanted to get involved
would have no sense of who and what your
organization is beyond a very vague
slogan and the slogan itself is really
not that accurate either what you're
offering isn't a revolution or else it
is and I'm assuming that the honest
answer is that no you're not
revolutionaries not in your politics not
in your practice please understand I'm
not claiming to be perfect my own
situation as a vegan activist is for
example people hear about me because
I've written a children's book about
veganism then someone else tells them
know that guys are conservatives don't
support them they can look at my youtube
channel and decide for themselves if I'm
conservative or not in fact I'm not but
understand why some extremely left-wing
people perceive me that way and so on in
2017 I don't know if such vague
political platitudes linked to vague
calls for revolution are really the way
to organize people I can say from my
part that this is a weaker start than
calls for action that come from specific
organizers with specific resumes compare
for example the failed attempt of dr.
Melanie joy or organizations that really
disclose who they are and what they want
to accomplish and what methods they will
and won't use for example PCRM very
successful or the go vegan world we're
gonna start in that right so that's it
look you know I don't make this video
now claiming to be an expert on nation
rising I don't think anyone can claim
that I think they put themselves in a
precarious position for no good
where nobody can really know who this
organization is or what they represent
or just who organizes them who's making
the decisions who's gonna be responsible
if they're massively successful or if it
all goes terribly wrong they list the
logos of a number of different
organizations but if you scroll down to
the bottom of their web page one of
those logos is direct action everywhere
I should make another video about this
ASAP direct action everywhere are facing
charges of terrorism and you can go on
YouTube now and hear Wayne's long
lecture about why he doesn't consider
himself a terrorist
even if legally he's got a he's got a
bite that bullet he's got to face those
charges you know um I do not want it on
my resume it's just a terrible name to
begin with that I had anything to do
with nation rising I don't want to list
that I was a member of nation rising
what that doesn't look good in my resume
I don't want any positive connection
between myself and direct action
everywhere and you know I wrote to them
seeking more information that's very
clear in my first message I wrote to
them seeking more information and they
gave me none that's a red flag and the
only other indication I have is that the
name of the person who replied to me is
the direct action everywhere stooge so I
don't have any crazy conspiracy theory
about this but I would tend to assume
that this is a coalition and a front
organization put together so the direct
action everywhere can recruit more
people and so that direct action
everywhere could have a kind of
roundtable that these other groups would
sit at
despite the odious reputation that the
right action everywhere has earned in
the last couple of years that's all I
know I wrote to them asking for more
information so that I could know more
and they have completely failed to
provide that information